---
layout: page
title: Terms and Privacy
permalink: /terms-and-privacy/
---

<div class="value-proposition">
  <p>Hello, dear visitor. We, and the European Union admire your dilligence.
    We take this stuff seriously, so we've made a <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ" target="_blank">video summary of the key points
    of our privacy policy</a>.</p>

    <p>Still reading? Okay, here goes...</p>

    <p>First up, you should know that <a href="/">Schön.io</a> is a nascent venture. As such, it currently has no legal status. Legally speaking, you're doing business with the project lead, a young fellow called <a href="http://www.peterhartree.co.uk" target="_blank">Peter Hartree</a>. We'll let him take the lead from here.</p>

    <p>If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with my privacy policy govern my relationship with you in relation to this website. The name “Peter Hartree” or the terms “I”, “me” or “my” refers to the owner of this website whose registered office is Peter Hartree, Fiskislóð 79, 107 Reykjavík, Iceland. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of this website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:</p><ul><li>The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.</li><li>Neither I nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and I expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.</li><li>Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which I shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.</li><li>This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.</li><li>All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.</li><li>Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.</li><li>From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that I endorse the website(s). I have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).</li><li>Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.</li></ul><h2>Privacy Policy</h2><p><span style="line-height: 1.428571429;" data-mce-style="line-height: 1.428571429;">This privacy policy sets out how I use and protect any information that you give me when you use this website.</span> I am committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should I ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. I may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20<sup>th</sup> November 2015.</p><h3>What I collect</h3><p>I may collect the following information:</p><ul><li>information regarding your use of this website (pages viewed, time spent on site, etc.)</li><li>name and job title</li><li>contact information including email address</li><li>demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests</li><li>other information relevant to web development projects, customer surveys and/or offers</li></ul><h3>Security</h3><p>I am committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,<b> </b>I have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information I collect online.</p><h3>How I use cookies</h3><p>A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. I use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps me analyse data about web page traffic and improve my website in order to tailor it to customer needs. I only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help me provide you with a better website, by enabling me to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives me access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.</p><h3>Links to other websites</h3><p>Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave my site, you should note that I do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, I cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.</p><h3>Controlling your personal information</h3><p>You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:</p><ul><li>whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes</li><li>if you have previously agreed to me using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing me at <a href="mailto:hi@schon.io">hi@schon.io</a></li></ul><p>I will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless I have your permission or are required by law to do so. I may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which I think you may find interesting if you tell me that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which I hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to me at the address stated at the top of this page. If you believe that any information I am holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email me as soon as possible, at the above address. I will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.</p>
</div>